If you don't want to piss grandpa off
Then divorce this woman immediately
Engaged to the eldest lady of the Gu family
Zhang Chenzai
Jinxi and I are going to buy gifts for grandpa's birthday party
You go to Mr. Gu's store
Help him contact to eat
Say
This has nothing to do with Dawn
Even if I'm not divorced
I can't possibly take care of the big daughter baby girl at home
My dignified Shen family
You let me rely on women to maintain
Shen Yanchen, you are amazing
How dare you offend me for such a woman?
I still want to offend the Gu family
If the Shen family is affected by this
Will be suppressed by other families
It will be grandpa's birthday party in a few days.
If you have the ability, take him to see grandpa
See if grandpa will let you in
The Shen family has begun and miracles
Media starts new project collaborations
If I win this project
The Shen family will go further
What do you think?
Will Odd Media hand over this project to the Shen family?
I've been invited to the Odd Media Music Chart
Mr. Shouli Hangzhou
He also joined the project
His joining
I will definitely win this project
Humph ridiculous
If the eldest lady is angry
What do you think if you win this project?
Uncle, don't worry.
I am the eldest lady of the Gu family
Not only will you not be angry
It will also help with appearance
You shut up
Is there a place for you trash to talk?
Don't worry, I'm here.
No one can bully you
Say
The Gu family may have been on a whim
He didn't take our Shen family to heart at all
I will sit over there at the Gu family.
Don't worry
I will also bring the pennants to my grandfather's birthday party
And he went as the granddaughter of the eldest son of the Shen family
As for the Gu family
You don't have to worry
Shen Yanzhen, don't forget that you are the Shen family.
They control the future of the Shen family
I'd like to see how you explain it.
Shen Yanzhan is actually me
Don't talk nonsense in front of Uncle in the future
Do you know?
I'm not talking nonsense.